Sunday Morning Walk
===================

There is a mirror. Nobody knows why it has not been destroyed, but it is perfectly fine due to confusing circumstances and does exactly the job a mirror is supposed to do. A man is looking at his reflection, staring at this thing on his forehead. The thing isn't an actual thing, but it definitely makes one stare at it as a stranger and even more so as the formerly unaware owner of it. The man wants to touch it, feel it, but he is afraid it will hurt. It looks ugly and it is red. It may be a wound, but it doesn't quite look like one. There is no pus or smell that is released from it even though it looks like something that may have a rather unpleasant scent. The man moves closer to the mirror and seems to forget that it is not an arch, but only a window to the same world the other way around. His nose is almost touching the glass.

"It is over", a voice directed at him says. The man does not turn around, but looks at a woman's reflection. Despite this human intuition to look someone into the eyes, his spontaneous line of vision points at her hands; she holds a bottle in her left one. "It is over", she repeats and asks whether he is wounded. "Turn around. Let me have a look." She comes closer, carefully, too close, and looks at the thing on the man's forehead. She pulls out a handkerchief from her sleeve, soaks the cloth in the bottle and cleans his face. "Apparently -- it's 93 years old. The booze." She waves the the soaked cloth and the half-full bottle in front of his face. The man does not care. "I'm a dentist", she says. It remains the man's secret that he had never been to a dentist. It seemed rather remarkable to meet a dentist in this setting, so opposed to how a surgery of such a professional would look like. He had always imagined a lot of white, very similar to the standard white woodchip wallpaper and linoleum floor surgery of a physician, but with some curious metal instruments lying on a table, an X-ray gun hanging on a telescope arm in the room. It seems though, that the two of them met in an environment that was as much as the opposite of this as possible. There is silence for a moment. The woman ist still busy cleaning the stranger's forehead. "I do not think this is a wound, not at all." The man looks her directly into the eyes for the first time. "It is a tattoo." She seems happy with her job, just cleaning people's faces, but there is also some sort of concern hanging in the right corner of her mouth. The way she looks at him becomes rather funny. "Do I know you? You look familiar." Naturally she does not receive an answer. "Would you mind leaving this building with me? I'm no engineer, but it does look like it could collapse any minute." She does not wait for an answer, takes him by his arm rather coarsely and pulls his body through a hole in the wall of what has once been a cinema.

The two of them enter a dreich morning -- but who wastes a thought on weather when there is a plenty of more serious material to worry about?

Pointing at the bottle, the man talks for the first time: "Can I -- can we share the rest of this?" The woman smiles and passes the bottle over. He raises the bottle to his mouth and takes a sip. This, he repeats twice. "What is the matter with all of this?" He asks, marginally more alive than before. The woman cannot answer his question. He takes a last sip of the booze and hands it back to its proper owner before asking: "Do you like operas?" She seems surprised by his question, but indicates that she does indeed. "Do I know you from any performance at all?", but he only answers that he doesn't sing. For a while, the two quietly continue their stroll through piles of junk, poisoned with oil, asbestos, plastics and who knows what other sorts of waste. Without exposing their true, much stronger, emotions, they absorb the world around them. Every now and then the woman looks at her human discovery walking next to her, mainly to further analyze the tatto on his forehead. He, on the other hand, acts like he wouldn't notice, doesn't change his mimics and continues to watch the boundaries of the city. The question in many heads must be *Why*. There is a whole city of people who do not know why out of all possible states the current state is this one. Humans are walking around, apparently quiet and tired, but certainly exposed.

This image continues on the other streets. Most notably there is some movement building up on a parallel street to the very one where the man and the woman choose to resume their stroll. In front of a similarly dreary scenery, five people are working hard to move stones, waste, and boards of wood -- but mostly stones and waste. Nobody cares about their landing point as long as the object is moving away from its origin. Slowly, they make a hand appear, then an arm, followed by an almost whole child. The child does not make any noises, but tears are leaving her eyes and she articulates her wish to be left alone despite being thankful for the rescue. The people dissolve and the child starts to walk along the parallel street.

On the original street, the two new friends have been able to watch the scene on the parallel street before agreeing to sit down on the foundation of the former city hall to take a breath. One deep breath, and many more. From there, they look at people starting to tidy up the street, an impossible task. An old person enters the scenery and sits down right opposite the foundation they themselves occupy. The old person is the most tired person around if that's even a fair comparison to make in this time of fatigue. The old one stares in the direction of what seems to be the man and the woman. They don't dedicate any further brain power to him as they are preoccupied with their own thoughts. All that matters to the man is that there is someone sitting next to him and all that matters to the woman is that someone is sitting next to her. They do not care about the old one or that, on the parallel street, the child is roaming the enviroment, still crying silently.

Climbing through the unstable ground, the child searches for something that children frequently search for. Maybe a parent, maybe a toy. A fox approaches the young human from the side, slowly. Their gazes meet. The animal is an elegantly walking being with well groomed fur, in search of food. Incidentally, many animals are currently in search of food, humans included. The fox scans the child, her shape, position, tears. It learns many things while failing to recognize its own cuteness which is, on the other hand, most astonishing to the young human; the child wonders indeed why furry animals are cute unless they are furry insects. In a sudden movement the fox squeezes its body close to the ground. It adjusts the position of its head, then jumps right next to the child and rips apart a chicken which had remained unnoticed by the young human despite standing right next to her. She walks on, is still crying unnoticed, and now also despises foxes.

All over the street, movement is arising. Some of it due to people looking for objects that belong to them or could in future belong to them. Every now and then, people are brushing off dust of their clothes or getting themselves in a upright position or making their bodies be completely above the wasteland rather than half under them.

Back on the original street, a bottle of alcohol had almost been emptied in the meantime. The woman by now regrets the decision to use it as a mere disinfectant rather than a drink of celebration and mourning as she rather enjoyed sharing the rest with her new acquaintance. There surely must've been something else to clean people with.

The occasional person passing by stares at the man, and whenever the man looks confused and utters his lack of understanding and embarrassment, the woman tells him not to worry. In fact, she tells him to wait and with every movement, every person making their way onto the street, the woman looks more excited, then even more disappointed. One of the people entering their immediate sourroundings is the child. Despite her crying she is, too, inspecting the man. But rather than making her way to wherever she had intended to go, she approaches him.

"What is that?", she asks pointing at the man's forehead while a tear is falling in front of his shoes. The man doesn't know how to respond and his confusion and slight embarrassment are obvious to everyone. Even so he decides to be clear and honest and chimes in with the child's brave question: "What is that in fact?" Both of the confused people are now looking at the woman in the hope of receiving an answer. Meanwhile, the old and tired man is watching them.

"My sister will be here soon."

"How do you know?", the child asks.

"I do know", the woman replies firmly and clearly wishes to have an option to dispose of the child.

"But how so?", the child asks.

As the woman ignores the child, the three humans become rather quiet and fewer tears than before leave the young human's eyes. The three of them are waiting for their individual pains to be released. Nobody, the woman included, expected the woman's sister to ever turn up here at this very street indeed.

But she does and she brings relief in three ways: First of all, there is a bandage in a dirty bag she carries with her. The older sister uses the bandage to hide the man's tattoo from sight, an action that confuses the child and the man, but not the sibling; second, she takes the almost empty bottle of her sibling and takes the last sip of alcohol that anyone in this city will have in quite a while; and third, she sits down and begins to talk directly to the man.

"You are not the only one. I have already united most of the tattooists in this city and we agreed to cover your mark by duplicating it on every face in this city. By tomorrow, we should have hundreds of additional faces covered and it will be thousands in a week." The younger sister seems excited by this plan and confirms that they will adopt and multiply the productivity of pollinating insects.

"Tell him, why this is necessary", the younger sister interrupts her. Both are staring at each other and it is clear that none of them wants to become more specific. They glance at the man quickly, though independent of each other. "You certainly have an idea that you didn't have a say in this", concludes the older sister directed at the tattoed and carries on, "the only thing that counts is that everyone will be marked soon enough, no matter if they want or not." The older sister's talk is interrupted by a frightened face that makes the child look ancient: "I don't want a needle in my face", she says. "But you will", answers the sister, "and you will be proud of it one day." The obviousness of the child hating the plan could not have been more noticeable, but she does indeed not feel that she understands and refrains from voicing her opposition any longer. The man on the opposing foundation no longer watches them and sleeps. He is not dead.

Jan Grosche, Sat Oct 28 22:41:10 BST 2017
